nRF Toolbox source code for release 1.1.0.3

The nRF Toolbox is a container app that stores your Nordic Semiconductor apps for Bluetooth Smart in one location.  

It contains applications demonstrating Bluetooth Smart profiles: 
* **Heart Rate Monitor**, 
* **Proximity Monitor**,
* **Nordic UART Monitor**,
* **Glucose Monitor**.

## Device Firmware Update
The Device Firmware Update (DFU) profile allows you to update the application, bootloader and/or the Soft Device image over-the-air (OTA). It is compatible with Nordic Semiconductor nRF51822, nRF51422 devices that have the S110 SoftDevice and bootloader enabled. 

The DFU has the following features:
* **Scans for devices that have DFU service**, 
* **Uploads the selected firmware in Zip format. See nRF-Utility**. 
* **Includes pre-installed examples that consist of a blinky firmware.** 
* **Updates status** 

###DFU Settings:
"save at" button - Choose a favorite location when downloading files from cloud service, for example OneDrive.
"browse" button - Choose a firmware to update. The zip file should be packed by using nRF-Utility.
"try example" - This function use blinky application as an example.

###Upload limitation
The application sends 20-bytes size packets at a time.

###nRF-Utility
DFU implementation on wp only supports valid zip file generated by using nRF-Utility. 
The tool will generate initial package and meta data of the uploaded firmware.
The tool is shipped together with Master Control Pnel for pc. Download -> https://www.nordicsemi.com/eng/Products/nRF51-DK
The documentation of this tool is available here. [nRF-Utility](http://developer.nordicsemi.com/nRF51_SDK/nRF51_SDK_v8.x.x/doc/8.0.0/s110/html/a00092.html)

##Known issue
* **Windows Phone OS 8.1 has problem with service change indication, kindly waiting for update from Microsoft.**

 ### Note
 - Requires Windows Phone 8.1 or newer.
 - Tested on Lumia 930, Lumia 635
